CON-6795:Update lock / unlock padlock icon
Description
New users struggle to identify the meaning of the padlock and knowing that they need to unlock it to start to build a wallboard. This has been fed back from the sales team and identified during UX user testing sessions.

Requirement:
When the padlock is locked (and wallboard cannot be edited) show the word ‘Edit’ next to the icon to identify that the user needs to click to edit the wallboard
The user should be able to click the padlock, the word or the space in between to unlock the wallboard
When the padlock is un-locked (and wallboard is being edited) show the word ‘Save’ next to the icon to identify that the user needs to click to save the wallboard
The user should be able to click the padlock, the word or the space in between to lock the wallboard


CON-5492:Make wallboard options clickable not just the icons
Details:
When adding a wallboard widget you have to click on the icon to get through to the menu to add the widget. I’d expect for the icon and word to be clickable

Requirement:
Make whole button clickable with hover state rather than just the icon on the button
Rename the text for “Queues” option to “Call Queue”

CON-7100:When i scroll down the report in the UI i'd like the column headers to be persistent
Description
In Contact i can build and run a report which can be viewed in the UI.
I am able to scroll the report in the UI to see each row.
When i scroll down the UI I cannot tell which column is which as i can no longer see the header.

Requirement:
AS A user in contact who can build/view reports in the UI
WHEN I run a report and scroll down the UI
I WANT to be able to still read the headers of the columns
SO THAT i know what the date in the row is showing me

CON-6965:Collective story to aggregate stories/bugs for broken help links
Description
We have various tickets raised for broken help links and wanted to collate these so they can be picked up together. The table below has all information from the tickets along with the original links. 
The original tickets have been closed as this new bug duplicates them all.

CON-7363:Type dropdown on New Role page needs to be mandatory
Description
The Type dropdown on the following page needs an asterisk * to indicate that it’s mandatory and validation to advise the use they need to complete this drop down.

CON-7471:Importing workitem validator does not strip whitespace
Description
When you import a workitem csv, I kept getting an error about the date field not being in the right format.
The format asked for was YYYYMMDD, so I was 100% sure that 20220407 matched that exactly.
And it would of if I removed all the spaces between the delimiters. But when you write a csv, you add spaces to make it readable. 
The validate should always be striping whitespace on those type of fields.

CONTACTCENTRE
Make it easier for your customers to engage with your organisation. 

Horizon Contact is the integrated business communication and customer contact centre solution that simplifies customer interaction.

Perfect for organisations who want to make it easier for customers to engage with them and unlike most Contact Centre solutions, Horizon Contact provides an easy to use, self-service feature set, for small to medium businesses, at a price point they can afford.

ContactCentre is a cloud-based contact centre solution that is designed specifically to work in conjunction with Horizon and Collaborate.
Agent Interface

Agents can view all the queues that they have been given access to view. Agents can take calls via a Horizon handset or via a softphone using the Horizon Contact portal.

Supervisor Interface

The Supervisor user has full agent functionality but can manage all agent users. Within the Horizon Contact Portal, the Supervisor’s main screen shows live data for both the queues
and the agents that they manage.

Admin Interface

Horizon Contact is managed using its own web interface, which provides information and management control to authenticated operations users.

The Administrator Portal part of the interface allows users who are logged in at the Administrator level to customise their Contact Centre features and functionality.

Wallboard

When an agent has classified an interaction, the classifications are logged and analysed by the Contact Centre for display via the wallboard and for inclusion in regular reports.

With Horizon Contact, there are three types of contact centre user licences:

Administrator – Administrator licences can be applied to any Horizon user. They can manage back end functionality, such as queues and interaction flow design, but cannot receive calls or manage agents.

Agent – Agents can view all the queues that they have been given access to view. They can also set their status and indicate if they are available to handle new inbound requests.

Supervisor – The Supervisor user has full Agent functionality but can also manage all agent users.

Contact provides a consistent quality Omnichannel solution.

The interface gives agents a master view of customer communication across all channels, so they can ensure a seamless experience.

Contact centre supports inbound and outbound voice channels, web chat and email, enabling a highly personalised customer experience.

